Hey.
I probably know you, don't I?
Long time no see.
Forgive me...
It's been so long, I can't put
a name to your face anymore.
You wanted to fight, didn't you?
Yeah, I did.
I believed I could help people and
protect what was important that way.
But I was being delusional.
I couldn't protect a thing.
Everything I had slipped from my hands.
Doing this now won't change a thing.
I've learned that lesson over and over.
But all I can do is fight.
What the hell am I doing?
WorldEnd:
What do you do at the end of the world?
Are you busy?
Will you save us?
Hey! Stabilize the ship!
I've got my hands full here!
Attention, all hands on board.
The bridge and power circuits are
top priority. Defend them at all costs!
Otherwise, the ship will crash.
Grit your teeth and fight!
Easy for you to say.
Thanks, missy.
Get back.
Hey, are you okay?
We'll fight with you!
Just get back.
This is my job.
Oh, for...
There's no end to them!
But my sword is performing
better than it ever has.
That TO's skills are the real deal, I see.
My body's in top shape, too.
Historia and I can do this.
Oh, no!
Hey, are you okay?
What in the world did you just do?
How does the situation look?
Are Nopht and Nephren okay?
I saw Nopht earlier.
She should still be fighting.
I haven't spotted Nephren,
but she's probably guarding
the people in the hold.
H-How did you get that wound?
What have you been doing?
Fighting...
Whether in the past or now,
that's the only thing
I've ever been good for...
Even you went and died, huh?
I still don't get what you meant by
"Our lives are more important."
But even so, we...
I wonder if Rhan and Ren are still okay.
How long have I been out?
I'd say a couple of minutes, at most.
Oh...
You would be highly ill-advised
to move around with those injuries.
Are you worried about me?
I simply don't want you to commit suicide
using my friend as an excuse.
Yeah, fair enough.
Awfully strong, aren't we?
Even unarmed, you can
hold your own against timere.
You could say that.
Were all humans this stupidly strong?
I used to be a brave, you see.
Huh?
One of the chosen warriors
who took enemies down and saved people.
It was my dream, so I trained in
the sword and hand-to-hand combat.
I even learned to tune carillons.
I gained as much strength as
one can through sheer effort.
But it wasn't enough.
The "strength" I attained
wasn't enough to help anyone.
Not Al... Not Lillia...
Not Chtholly.
Winning in battle isn't
the only way to save people.
Sit tight for a while longer.
In your state, generating more
venenum would be suicidal.
Nevertheless, I'm sure that you were
a source of salvation for Chtholly.
Hey.
What?
I need a favor.
The last one.
No!
I think I made a promise.
A promise that he wouldn't
have to fight anymore.
And that I would take on all of his battles.
No! No means no!
I want to say something to him, too.
So please.
No matter what?
Yeah, no matter what.
But you'll definitely disappear this time.
Not just your memories.
Even your most important feelings.
They'll all be gone forever!
Hmm, that would really suck.
But letting things end this way
would suck even more.
Chtholly...
So please...
Let me go back, one last time.
Missy!
Damn it!
Get the bastard!
Keep her safe, no matter what!
Get back.
What's wrong?
You all right?
Damn you... Get off!
Go away!
Please go away!
Regained control of the main rotor.
Sweet!
We've lost attitude-control wings 3 through 5.
And 7 is done for, too!
D-D-D-D-D-Do something!
I know, I know!
Listen up!
We're leaving this area at full speed!
All hands, grab on to something
so you don't get thrown off!
Shorty!
Hang on... I'm coming to save you.
Don't.
Stay away.
The Gate will open soon.
I-It's too late.
I can't hold it off anymore.
Hang in there, missy!
And hurry up, you toad!
Ren!
Willem?
You okay, Ren?
Thank goodness.
I thought I'd fail to save anyone yet again.
Huh?
Hold on. I'll pull you up now...
Hey.
Shut up.
I generated too much venenum, so...
I'll figure something out.
The Gate will probably open soon.
If it does, this entire ship will blow.
I said I'll figure it out!
Willem, saving people is
our job, as leprechauns.
Ren, what are you...
Also,
you've already saved us plenty.
So don't worry.
What... are you saying?
This can't be happening...
I am not letting this happen!
Okay, now this is bad...
It's almost funny how I can't move at all.
H-Hey.
You idiot...
If you can get up, then go hide somewhere.
Chtholly!
What am I going to do with him?
No, Chtholly! Don't go!
We'll handle all the fighting,
even your share.
So now that you don't have to
fight anymore, don't do it!
Now that you're free to
pursue your happiness,
go and grab it with your own hands.
Otherwise, we won't be able
to live with ourselves!
Sorry.
I definitely can't find happiness anymore.
Because I realized that I'm already...
I'm already as happy as I could be.
Books burning down.
Snake swimming in the flames.
Crumbling silver moon.
Princesses fighting to the death.
Lies of the dead.
Big bell ringing.
Pillar of milk pouring from the heavens.
Ribbon drifting in the sky.
Chtholly,
chtholly
hang in there.
hang in there
I'll save her, if it's the last thing I do.
Chtholly?
We vowed to be together forever.
And that vow brought me happiness.
And that vow gave me peace.
I realized how much I loved him.
I realized how much she meant to me.
And that realization brought me happiness.
And that realization gave me joy.
He told me he would make me happy.
I told her I would make her happy.
And those words brought me happiness.
And those words gave me satisfaction.
He brought an incredible amount of
happiness and joy into my life.
She gave me so many things
I never thought I'd have.
But I...
Which is why I can say for certain,
and no one can convince me otherwise,
that I am the happiest girl
in the world right now.
Willem...
Thank you so much.
You goddamn fool.
No matter how many times
I experience the loss of warriors,
I can never get used to it.
The struggle within your hearts must
have been the harshest battlefield of all.
Well done on staying fighters
to the very end.
I can't deal with this!
I told her not to fight anymore.
I told her it was our turn.
But in the end, she did it all herself.
"I'm already as happy as I could be," my ass.
Did you really think
that'd help us live with this?
You go out in a blaze of glory,
and all's well that ends well?
There's nothing "well" about this, you moron!
Quiet, Nopht.
One's happiness is one's own
to define and decide.
Looking down on someone's
decision or making it for them
is nothing but heavy-handed.
Well, excuse me for having heavy hands!
Gah!
Well, that said,
if anyone can bestow happiness on others,
it's the ones who realize and stay true to
their heavy-handed natures.
Spring is coming.
Another five laps!
Hard work and spirit!
They're full of energy...
You can say that again.
I see that those girls are working hard.
They sure are.
But while their beloved
older fairies are gone,
I think they're getting a bit too worked up.
This takes me back.
Chtholly was like that, too.
After losing her older sister figure,
she used her sorrow as motivation
to grow much stronger.
Ah, youth...
I don't think... I could ever do that.
I'm sorry, but could you pretend
you didn't see anything?
I'm not setting a great
example as the eldest.
I don't see a thing.
No response?
My pulse tracing is sure to locate
anyone, so long as they're alive.
Black Agate Swordmaster, you couldn't have...
Great Sage, you have visitors waiting.
I know!
O-Oh, no... I didn't mean to frighten you.
Forgive me!
Listen to her go.
She hasn't let go of her feelings
from her past life.
I bet she's a really pure-hearted girl!
Straightforward and naïve, you mean?
That's one way to look at it.
Good evening, miss. How do you do?
She isn't listening.
Jeez, gimme.
There...
See? She got tired and went silent!
How pushy...
Welcome, little one,
to this fragile, dying world
with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
Glad to have you.